Hello glory has got people in this video very exciting when you do in the final polish of heiss Meister's.
We are going to finish the game off and take some time to look at what we've created because it's really
exciting.
Just a few things I want to do.
First let's plug the tutorial in the game.
But there's great you tauriel set up play I can't get to it.
Let's fix that.
Second let's fix that bug with the tutorial gooey changes place.
If we Reece's the screen because that gets annoying and let's add a little bit of flash to the Google
let's add an animation to the tutorial.
Or it's a first thing plug in the toilet is the get go.
So we've already made a scene that looks a bit like what we want.
If I go into my scenes and I go in to my was my game overall victory screen either closer to victory
screen or something like that is looking pretty good.
So I'm just going to create a new scene that has.
HI MY a hi mice's and a couple of choices.
So let's do that.
Let's make a new scene root note which is a canvas layer.
And within that and with a nine patch rectangle rectangle.
Yeah.
And put a nice patch rectangle and you were a just made up.
It's lovely.
My patch wrecked.
They were gone.
I actually don't know if that rect means rectangle I've just been assuming it does.
And you know what this also put a centre note in so I'll put a centre container.
The nine patch will be inside of that and a nameless canvas layer welcomely or a splash screen I guess
is the right word.
Splash screen welcome screen.
OK.
So we have this sent a container which I'm going to make for rect and when I anchor it to four Act case
that should now change its lay out the pin in what's in there and anything inside it will be centred
and just to make sure I can show the helpers.
So here is on patch in the middle.
OK.
Let's put in a background and it'll be under graphics interface PRNG.
And once again one of these metal panels.
And yeah I still like this one.
This metal panel with the little screws in the corner.
However it's a size zero right now.
Well let's fix that and let's give it a minimum size of 400 on the X and 300 on the y.
It's pretty good.
So now I have this patch ready to go but I don't have a text yet so let's drag that in March more like
it.
Patch margins 12 I think was good.
Yes 12 is good for the structure.
All right.
And I'm just going to zoom through this so within the nine patch rectangle I'm going to have some children
that are just going to be a VS split container.
No I don't mean these but contain I keep doing that.
I mean VR box first is going to be a box.
The box container and that's going to be full rectangle anchors full rectangle split.
And let's just give that a margin so give them a margin of 22 left 20 to the right probably mean negative
20.
I do 20 from the top and negative 20 from the bottom.
So within those four screws or bolts whatever.
And within that let's make our options.
We have a label that's to say
Welcome to hi Meister's Let's add the theme in.
I'm going up to the centre container.
Just select anything I put within here is going to be in the right theme.
Load my theman up and heiss mice's great card doesn't work for me so let's change the colour for this
label.
I'm going through this quite quickly because we've done this recently but they're welcome to heiss Meister's
And I mean go to the top of the label in the Inspector a line I'm going to Santa.
So that's a good start.
We could make this a bigger font we could make having a font.
Lots of things we can do to play with it.
For now this is looking good to me.
So underneath here I'm going to put a bunch of buttons that are centred while getting back to my box
container and I make another centred note because on my button to be Santa Alice but a button with it
on my text right.
Play tutorial.
Okay that looks pretty good to me.
So I'm seeing a duplicate this button make a brand new button that I call this one level one.
And let's not play a space on codenames named Skip consistent.
And I'm sure I level one in this button.
One more thing I want to do on a duplicate this and quit button.
There's a problem or one button.
Quick button is going to have quit game.
All three of these buttons are a different size.
Not doing them size is all 162.
So I say the minimum size is 170.
I mean go through all three buttons.
I don't do that manually.
I'm doing this manually because I found if I select multiple undo the size it doesn't always stick.
Just to be really shown and make sure that I see what's happening.
I a pick a minimum size of 170 for each and I would save that scene goes into levels and this is splash
screen.
I go out there and come again.
It's looking good.
Now this reebok's is right at the top.
I don't want that some of scroll top which has alignment unhit Centre looking better.
Now this welcome.
Hi mice's actually do want a slightly bigger font than that so let's go back up to label.
And scroll down to font.
Do do do do custom fonts.
New Dynamic font.
Click right.
Select out fonts on a load of future and my size is going to be 40.
Look how huge that is that's way too big.
So I'm going back and I'm going to do auto wrap come out of the screen and back in and it's Orta wrapped
itself VAT's looking a lot better.
Now if we wanted we could try getting one of these taxes in.
So what is this like with blue.
Actually not too bad.
Maybe read and I can alter the patch margins to be able to work that in.
So if I wanted to I'd go 20 patch margin maybe a 40 patch margin and that's looking a lot better right.
So there's a lot of options you can do to really customize this game.
Maybe I wanted him blue bluefields a stealthy a colour than red because I don't know reasons.
Or maybe just want his metal pants.
Either way we now have the basic level so to make this work.
Let's give it a script on Splash screen I believe a new script and I'm going to save this in my script
solin because I'm a traditionalist.
And you know what.
I don't need the default template.
I want an empty template.
Pick out button off first button.
She tore a button and I'm going to connect it as a signal.
So when pressed connects to splash screen.
Field Level 1.
UPS come back and quit but button suppressed splash screen at the close.
All of these things.
I don't need I'm pressing catterall W to close them all.
In fact you know what I could probably close all.
There we go.
Save the splash screen.
Awesome.
I'm back in a splash green and a splash screen.
Great.
So I've just closed all the scripts I don't need.
Because there are a lot of them quitter's going to be the easiest right that's going to get Tre not
quit so that one just works back up to my scenes folder.
You do in two levels.
And here I since I get so to get to the tutorial and you get a tree change scene and I'm just going
to drag in my better.
Awesome.
Now I'm going to duplicate this control be and move this down Alton down here.
I don't need this pass anymore.
But I do want is to make sure that level one actually gets me to level 1.
All right.
Let's see how that works out.
Apology Tour.
Here I am at the tutorial.
Great.
Let's run that again.
Play level one.
Here I am in level one.
And finally quit.
I quit the game.
Outstanding.
Right now we have this scene we want to start the game at this season so how do we change the default
start.
Because right now if I just run the game if I was to export this it's just going to take me straight
to Level 1 which is not what I want to project settings and under run.
You see right here this is my main scene.
Well let's change that I want to be level 1 so I'm going to file good scenes levels and splash screen.
And now when I run play on this game not play scene but play.
And take me directly to here.
Awesome.
That's task one done.
The next thing to do with the tutorial Gary so I was going to a tutorial scene which is handy right
here.
And the problem we're having with this is when I open the tutorial the go is going to come up.
That's great.
But it's not anchoring properly.
Now I've done a lot of experimentation.
And the problem with this appears to be the pop up.
So if I go over to the tutorial Gary you'll see that the pop up is a pop up.
And for some reason this node is not updating its anchor its just setting the ankle once and then leaving
it.
If I change this someone right click on it and you change type.
Let's just say control mode.
This will not anchor properly.
Right so it's still called pop up.
Im not going to change that because various paths are using that even there's a little bit of change
the type to a controller.
Now when I run this scene
this is now anchored probably wise I say once there was a lovely sound which because I read that she
tauriel gooey scene or the tutorial but its fine.
I run the tutorial scene the same thing should happen.
Great.
Now one more thing I wanted to do is I wanted to make this goofy things.
Let me show him in.
Weve got this message coming in and a move to the subjective and the message changes but its not immediately
apparent.
I want some kind of animation to happen here.
So I want this window to change size or to fade in and out something to let the play that's happening.
So what I'm doing and go into my tutorial gooey scene again and I'm there and an animation player.
And I will give it a new animation and I call this message transition to contain days but Transition
transition.
No it isn't transition.
I know what I'd like to do is before I show you how I'm going out to make this.
I'd like to get you to do it.
I'd like you to an inmate that she tour illegally so use the animation player to create some sort of
transition between messages.
Use your creativity.
Do you want it to fade in and out.
Do you want it to change scale.
Do you want to go off screen and come back.
Pause the video make an animation you're happy with.
And when you come back I'll show you my solution.
And welcome back.
Well I'm going to do is I'm going to first select what's going to happen.
So what I want is for this window to go up to this corner and come back.
I think half a second is a good length.
This is zero point five seconds.
And just to give me a lot of control.
The steps we zero point zero five.
So every one is at 20.
The second I can make a change.
Zoom right in so I can see you're doing.
That's what I'm looking at.
OK.
I want to change the size so I'm going to use right here on rect size.
That's my first key to create that track and it's going to come back again at the end of this five second.
Now if I zoom out even further what I really want is around two and a half second marks right the middle.
I want the size to be zero zero and I will create.
That's a key.
Now you'll notice we've still got this little shape why that's on Patch wrecked.
We've told it you must keep this corner at all times so saying okay I will.
And look for play this animation.
Doesn't look cool.
I want to use this place from start.
Now one thing I do want to do is I want to stop the techs from doing something go right back to the
beginning and on the label.
I'm going to scroll down.
Doo doo doo doo doo visible.
And I'm I make a key on the on the zero frames and that goes there at zero point zero five the very
first key and the switch that invisible and I bring it back right at the end.
However.
I've got this little JOP jerk jealousy thing that I like.
I'm gonna move.
The first moving sister points a five and now want to play this animation that looks pretty good.
I'm digging that's going to save that and now I need to run this animation.
OK.
So let's go back into our tutorial script.
And make it nice big.
And what I want is on Update point position right.
This is where everything is happening so let's put it in here and do it just as the sound plays because
that right now feels like a nice place to do it.
Animation player.
It can be in the tutorial gilio major player not the door that he will play.
And what are we playing message transition.
Let's see how that works on a run the game from the beginning.
I really get into much torian LOOK AT THIS.
I like that.
Now you could play with the timings you could make a lot of different ways that bind you different ways
you could do this if you want to change fate in a now you could go into your nine patch rectangle or
your label go to visibility change the modulate and put an offer in lots of different things you can
do here but you can really personalize these messages.
And that finishes off Hice I surmise this is a lot of different things you could do.
But we have a working concept for a game which means this is the end of the video in this video we've
added a level selection to our game because remember if we can select tutorial level 1 we could make
a bunch of other levels and select them as well with polished high slices to a lustrous polished sheen
of shapeliness.
So excellent work there.
And we've finished heiss Meister's.
Now we're going to have a wrap up video to talk about where you could go from here and to look back
at all the new stuff we've covered.
But excellent work well done in your game and share which you've got.
I'm dying to see your house Meister's and I'll see you in the next video.